so olivia has been dreaming of becoming
a police detective since
childhood and look at her now she's
graduating from the police academy
but before she gets hired to be a real
detective
she has to go through a tricky quest to
prove her skills
a missing bag her first task was to help
a young woman in a shopping mall
her bag disappeared while she was
choosing a toy for her little nephew
olivia found three suspects i was
getting groceries when it happened
said noah i was with my son in the
shopping mall playground
claimed sophia i was in the cafe
getting my daily dose of caffeine stated
jackson
olivia didn't need much time to figure
out who had taken the bag
do you know who it was
[Music]
it was sophia she couldn't be on the
playground with her son
because people older than 14 aren't
allowed in there
an airport mystery olivia's next case
was at the airport
a furious traveler claimed the contents
of his baggage had disappeared
when i got my suitcase it was empty i
want you to compensate for what i've
lost
after checking the passenger's info
olivia found out that he had
indeed left london with a heavy suitcase
and now his bag was empty and a bit wet
the whole situation was suspicious but
the future detective
couldn't figure out what it was ha she
got it
it was a setup can you figure out what
happened
the passenger left london with a
suitcase full of eyes
during the flight the ice melted and the
man demanded compensation for the lost
belongings
which factory olivia was sent to a small
town to investigate a case the town's
inhabitants claimed
that one of the three factories in the
area was polluting the water in a local
lake
but no one could understand which
factory it was
olivia visited all of them and took
pictures in the evening
she examined the photos she had suddenly
she
realized which factory had been causing
the problems
look at the pictures olivia had taken
and try to figure it out too
[Music]
it's not the first factory it looks long
abandoned and not functioning at all
the third factory isn't too bad the
trees growing around are healthy
olivia also saw some fish in the lake
close to that place
but the trees near the second factory
are scarce and look unhealthy
meaning this one is the factory
polluting the water
a missing runner the next case olivia
had to crack
was connected with marathon runners one
of them
a girl called chloe disappeared right
before the competition
olivia questioned her competitors i
haven't seen chloe today
i was at home sleeping and resting
before the competition
said zoe it was victoria's turn to
answer the questions
i was going to meet with chloe at a cafe
near the gym
but she cancelled the meeting she needed
to visit her makeup artist
she was going on a date after the
marathon
um i brought chloe some sandwiches in
the morning and i haven't seen
her since then said lily olivia
knew a thing or two about running a
marathon she immediately arrested the
suspect
who was it
it was victoria even if chloe had
flawless makeup before the competition
it wouldn't last even an hour
there was no sense in doing it before
the marathon
hidden treasure olivia was so exhausted
after solving several cases at a time
that she fell asleep right at her table
when she woke up
she found herself in a dark room with no
windows
a locked door and a table on the table
there was a piece of paper with several
red letters on it
u-c-t-i-o-n olivia was a smart girl
she needed less than a minute to find
the answer to this rebus
and how much time will you need
[Music]
the word hidden in the rebus is
reduction
after olivia wrote it down on the paper
the door opened immediately
which door olivia found herself in
another room
again no windows but this time there
were three doors leading out of the room
suddenly a big screen on the wall which
olivia hadn't noticed before
lit up the girl said behind
each of these doors there is some danger
the first door leads to a scorching hot
desert
several steps and the sun will burn you
behind the second door there is an
alligator that hasn't eaten for a year
and the third door hides a pool with icy
water
to get to freedom you'll have to swim
through it
to cut a long story short olivia managed
to get out of the room
which door did she choose
[Music]
alligators can indeed go without food
for up to three years
meaning the creature behind the second
door is hungry and dangerous
freezing water can cause cold shock in
an unprepared swimmer
that's why olivia chose the first door
she waited for the sun to go down
and walked through the desert an
ancient vase or vaz take your pick
the next day olivia came to a museum
someone distracted the guard
and took a priceless ancient vase after
watching the security footage
olivia had four suspects she questioned
them but
everyone denied visiting the museum
grace
said she had taken part in a beauty
contest in another town
jack claimed he had been on a fishing
trip with his friends
addison told olivia she wasn't
interested in art and never visited
museums
and christopher said he was a pilot and
had had a flight that day
one of them is lying but who
christopher's wearing super thick
glasses and he bumped into a door
on his way in pilots can't have such bad
eyesight
a flooded pit to fulfill her next
challenge
olivia had to go through a dense forest
while walking
she heard suspicious sounds got
distracted
and fell into a rather deep pit all of a
sudden
it started pouring the pit was filling
with water
alarmingly fast and olivia had one
secret
she couldn't swim the girl looked around
and spotted several objects lying nearby
a thick long rope a big ball and a saw
what did olivia choose to get out of the
pit
the girl picked the ball it floated and
so did she
a business trip olivia's friend nora
called and asked her to come the woman
was crying
she said it had to do with her husband
jacob when our future detective arrived
she heard the following story jacob told
me he had to go on a business trip to
the mountains
he didn't really want to travel there
because he hates cold weather
but it was business so he had to he
packed tons of warm clothes and left
when jacob arrived there he sent me a
photo from a cafe
but i feel something's wrong with this
picture i just can't get what exactly
olivia needed no more than a glance at
the photo and she knew jacob had lied to
his wife
how did she figure it out
you can see palm trees outside the
window and they don't grow
in a cold climate who's the most
reckless olivia had to decide which one
of the three young people were the most
reckless it didn't take the future
detective much time to figure it out
and what's your opinion
the girl on the left is no doubt super
careless but her absent-mindedness won't
cost her more than a lost bag
the girl in the middle isn't the
brightest star in the sky as well
poking a snake really luckily
most snakes try to avoid people plus
this one might be non-venomous
but the guy on the right is bound to
fall into the maintenance hole
and hurt himself a warehouse
fire someone set mr allen's warehouse on
fire
this successful businessman was sure his
competitors were behind the arson
olivia came to investigate the case
three people had been spotted near the
warehouse before the fire started
mr moore the lawyer claimed he had just
dropped by to leave some documents
james a construction worker said he had
come to fix some problems with the fence
around the warehouse
he didn't pay attention to anything else
it was too hot
and he wanted to finish his task as soon
as possible
alex mr allen's brother explained he had
come to settle the disagreement they had
had the day before
yes i was angry but i wouldn't do such a
thing to my brother
none of these people had matches or a
lighter to set the fire
but after thinking for a while olivia
understood
who was to blame
it was mr moore he used his glasses to
start the fire
congrats olivia you've successfully
passed all the challenges
tomorrow you're going to get down to
real work